The Little Prince

How to use the program:
Build it in Qt Creator. There are instructions for user interaction in the app
but to summarize, arrow keys control speed, space pauses the simulation, and r
refreshes the particles and flower placement. The user can interact with the
scene by scrolling to zoom and clicking and dragging to rotate about the origin.

Design Details:
Flowers are created by composing primitives (spheres and cylinders). Their 
implementation is contained in shapes/*. Flowers are the implementation of procedural
generation, since they form in groups arranged closer to other members of their
color/shape on the planet. Star/comet particles are formed in particle.cpp 
and composed in glwidget.cpp. All planet rendering is done in noise.frag and 
noise.vert, with the vertices passed in originating in the sphere class. Planets
are fractal (Perlin) noise generation. All OpenGL related functionality (textures, 
FBOs, shader linking, and rendering) is contained within one class for simplicity, 
glwidget.cpp.

When running the app, glwidget first initializes the particles and flowers (also
happens when user resets the scene). It sets up the two FBOs, one for stars, and
the other for all three planets and the flowers. The second has depth enabled to 
compose the 3D scene, but the first doesn't. When rendering, there are two 
textures created, one for each FBO, and the tex shader composes them together. 
To render the particles, the cloud around the origin is drawn with a shader to
enable twinkling. To render the flowers, they're simply drawn with GL_DRAW* to 
the appropriate FBO. Rendering the planets happens by passing all three sphere
vertices (transformed) to the noise shader along with intended colors and 
thresholds. Based on Perlin noise in 11 octaves, it displaces the vertices and
colors them based on a height threshold. Again, it ends up in the same FBO as 
the flowers. 

Bugs/issues:
No bugs, no memory leaks.

Thanks for a great semester!! We had a ton of fun with this final and thanks
for your help

- Charlie, Aisha, and Dylan

